op-guide: add Ansible release-2.1 to Ansible deployment (#750)
pingcap/docs: op-guide/ansible-deployment.md

Make sure you have logged in to the Control Machine using the `tidb` user account.

> It is required to use `pip` to install Ansible and its dependencies, otherwise a compatibility issue occurs. Currently, the TiDB 2.0 GA version, TiDB 2.1 version, and the master version are compatible with Ansible 2.4 and Ansible 2.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is required to use `pip` to install Ansible and its dependencies, otherwise a compatibility issue occurs. Currently, the release-2.0, release-2.1, and master branches of TiDB-Ansible are compatible with Ansible 2.4 and Ansible 2.5.
```
